Fix(mesh): policy versioning and structure (#5635)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_mesh_policies/meshloadbalancingstrategy/index.md

---

This policy enables {{site.mesh_product_name}} to configure the load balancing strategy for traffic between services in the mesh.

> When using this policy, the `localityAwareLoadBalancing` flag is ignored.

Reviewer: This or either "the mesh ignores"

```suggestion
When using this policy, {{site.mesh_product_name}} ignores the `localityAwareLoadBalancing` flag.
```
